# codefundo
My first repo in github for codefundo++

TECHNOLOGY TO PREDICT NATURAL DISASTERS:
                              Almost every week there is news of another natural disaster.There is lot of loss to people and government.But natural disasters are outside the control of humans.The best thing humans can do is predicting natural disasters.
                             Good predictions and warnings save lives. With only a few minutes' notice of a tornado or flash flood, people can act to protect themselves from injury and death. Predictions and warnings can also reduce damage and economic losses. When notice of an impending disaster can be issued well in advance, as it can for some riverine floods, wildfires, and hurricanes, property and natural resources can be protected.
                             Scientific and technological advances in recent decades have greatly improved the nation's capability to predict most natural hazards and disseminate warnings based on those predictions. However, prediction accuracy and lead times vary with the type of hazard. Prediction capabilities for atmospheric and hydrologic events are generally more advanced and specific than those for their geologic counterparts.
                             A team of geophysicists from Pennsylvania State University and Los Alamos National Laboratory has been simulating quakes, gathering data and analyzing it using machine learning, which has allowed them to gather more information on more variables than ever before. 
                             Machine learning plays a role in the weather predictions we get every day, and that same technology can be used to forecast when a hurricane will hit. AI has also proven 30 percent more effective than traditional models at predicting the intensity of hurricanes. 
                             AI is also showing promise as a way to improve disaster relief. A predictive AI program called Seismic Concern and is also working on similar programs for wildfires, floods and hurricanes.  After a disaster, the best information comes from the ground from relief workers and the victims themselves. AI programs can gather all the social media content related to an event into one place, analyze it and provide leaders with a better idea of the scene in the disaster area. When combined with imagery from drones and satellites, this dataset becomes even more useful. Governments and relief groups can then use this information to identify which areas are the most badly damaged and where the people that need relief are.Victims could also use this information to gain a better understanding of their situation and get advice on what to do.​ Users could then conduct a search with an AI voice assistant like Amazon’s Alexa or Apple’s Siri. They could pose questions about the impacts of the natural disaster, the progress of relief efforts and what actions they should take. 
